A Natural Setting

A History of Exploration and Settlement in Yosemite Valley

Since its first discovery by non-indigenous people in the mid-nineteenth century, Yosemite Valley has held a special, even even religious, hold on the American conscience because its beauty makes it an incomparable valley and one of the grandest of all special temples of nature. While Yosemite holds a special grip on the western mind, perceptions about the Valley have evolved over time due to changing politics, migration patterns and environmental concerns as man has become more attuned to his relationship and impact on nature.

If students in our school were required to wear uniforms, instances of bullying and teasing would decrease. In a survey of students, 60% of students reported that they had been teased or bullied because of their clothing. If all students were required to wear a similar uniform, this type of behavior would decrease. In addition, 73% of students responded that school uniforms would help to create a sense of unity and family in the school. When students feel a sense of unity and connection to the school and their peers, they are less likely to tease each other. School uniforms would help to create unity and decrease bullying and teasing between students.

The following body paragraph might appear in an essay about why Atticus Finch is a hero in Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird.

Heroes are often given a difficult, seemingly impossible task. Atticus is given the task of defending Tom Robinson, a black man who is accused of abusing a white woman. During the trial, Atticus shows his bravery by confronting racism and prejudice. He does not flinch as he works to point out that the real abuser is Mayella Ewell's father by pointing out that Tom Robinson does not have use of his left hand, but that Mr. Ewell is left-handed. Mayella was beat up on her left side. Atticus finishes his task of defending Tom Robinson, but in a prejudiced, Jim Crow South, the jury still finds Tom guilty. Yet, the black community in Maycomb acknowledges the hero as he leaves the courtroom:

Someone was punching me, but I was reluctant to take my eyes from the people below us, and from the image of Atticus's lonely walk down the aisle.

'Miss Jean Louise?"

I looked around. They were standing. All around us and in the balcony on the opposite wall, the Negroes were getting to their feet. Reverend Sykes's voice was as distant as Judge Taylor's:

'Miss Jean Louise, stand up. Your father's passin'.' (Lee, Chapter 21).

While the official verdict in the trial was "guilty," in the hearts of most of Maycomb, Atticus successfully defended Tom Robinson and completed the impossible task.
